README.md, before:

# ListLink - Stremio List Manager

A Stremio add-on that allows you to automatically add watched content to your Trakt.tv and MDBList lists directly from Stremio.

## Features

- **Dual Service Support**: Connect to Trakt.tv, MDBList, or both
- **OAuth Authentication**: Secure connection to your Trakt.tv account
- **API Key Support**: Simple MDBList integration with API key
- **Multiple List Support**: Add content to watchlists or custom lists from both services
- **Configuration Interface**: Web-based setup with list selection
- **No Data Storage**: All user data passed via URL parameters
- **Easy Integration**: Works seamlessly with Stremio

## Setup

1. **Install Dependencies**:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Configure Services** (Optional - you can use one or both):

   **For Trakt.tv:**
   - Go to [Trakt API Apps](https://trakt.tv/oauth/applications)
   - Create a new application
   - Set redirect URI to: `http://localhost:7000/auth/trakt/callback`
   - Note your Client ID and Client Secret

   **For MDBList:**
   - Go to [MDBList Preferences](https://mdblist.com/preferences/)
   - Get your API key from the API section

3. **Configure Environment**:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```
   Edit `.env` and add your credentials (add what you need):
   ```
   TRAKT_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
   TRAKT_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret
   BASE_URL=http://localhost:7000
   PORT=7000
   ```
   Note: MDBList API key is entered during configuration, not in .env

4. **Start the Server**:
   ```bash
   npm start
   # or for development
   npm run dev
   ```

## Usage

1. **Configure the Add-on**:
   - Visit `http://localhost:7000/configure`
   - **Connect to Trakt** (optional): Click "Connect to Trakt" and authorize
   - **Connect to MDBList** (optional): Enter your MDBList API key
   - Select which lists you want to use from both services
   - Generate and copy the add-on URL

2. **Install in Stremio**:
   - Open Stremio
   - Go to Add-ons section
   - Paste your configured add-on URL
   - Install the add-on

3. **Add Content to Lists**:
   - Browse movies/shows in Stremio
   - Look for "Add to [Trakt] [List Name]" or "Add to [MDBList] [List Name]" stream options
   - Click to add content to your selected lists

## How It Works

- The add-on creates stream links that trigger API calls to Trakt and/or MDBList
- User authentication and list preferences are encoded in the add-on URL
- No server-side data storage - everything is stateless
- Each "stream" represents an action to add content to a specific list
- Lists are clearly labeled with their service ([Trakt] or [MDBList])

## Development

- `npm start` - Start production server
- `npm run dev` - Start development server with auto-reload

## Project Structure

```
├── server.js                    # Main entry point
├── services/
│   ├── traktService.js         # Trakt API integration
│   ├── mdblistService.js       # MDBList API integration
│   └── viewService.js          # HTML template handling
├── routes/
│   ├── manifestRoutes.js       # Stremio manifest endpoints
│   ├── authRoutes.js           # OAuth & configuration
│   ├── apiRoutes.js            # List fetching endpoints
│   └── streamRoutes.js         # Stream generation & add actions
├── utils/
│   └── config.js               # Config encoding/decoding
└── views/
    ├── configure.html          # Configuration UI
    ├── success.html            # Success page
    └── error.html              # Error page
```

## API Endpoints

- `GET /manifest.json` - Stremio add-on manifest
- `GET /configure` - Configuration interface
- `GET /auth/trakt` - Initiate Trakt OAuth
- `GET /api/user/lists` - Fetch user's Trakt lists
- `GET /api/user/mdblist-lists` - Fetch user's MDBList lists
- `GET /:config/stream/:type/:id.json` - Generate streams for content
- `GET /:config/add/:type/:id/:listSlug` - Add content to list

Commit message:

readme work and window close on back to stremio

README.md, after:

# ListLink - Stremio List Manager

A Stremio add-on that allows you to automatically add watched content to your Trakt.tv and MDBList lists directly from Stremio.

## Features

- **Dual Service Support**: Connect to Trakt.tv, MDBList, or both
- **OAuth Authentication**: Secure connection to your Trakt.tv account
- **API Key Support**: Simple MDBList integration with API key
- **Multiple List Support**: Add content to watchlists or custom lists from both services
- **Configuration Interface**: Web-based setup with list selection
- **No Data Storage**: All user data passed via URL parameters
- **Easy Integration**: Works seamlessly with Stremio

## Setup

### Important: HTTPS Required

**This add-on requires HTTPS to work with Trakt.tv OAuth.** You cannot run it on `http://localhost` for production use. You have two options:

1. **Deploy to a hosting service** (e.g., Heroku, Railway, Render, DigitalOcean)
2. **Use ngrok for local development**:
   ```bash
   # Install ngrok: https://ngrok.com/
   # Start your server first, then in another terminal:
   ngrok http 7000
   # Use the HTTPS URL provided by ngrok as your BASE_URL
   ```

### Installation Steps

1. **Install Dependencies**:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Configure Services** (Optional - you can use one or both):

   **For Trakt.tv:**
   - Go to [Trakt API Apps](https://trakt.tv/oauth/applications)
   - Create a new application
   - Set redirect URI to: `https://your-domain.com/auth/trakt/callback` (use your ngrok or hosted URL)
   - Note your Client ID and Client Secret

   **For MDBList:**
   - Go to [MDBList Preferences](https://mdblist.com/preferences/)
   - Get your API key from the API section

3. **Configure Environment**:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```
   Edit `.env` and add your credentials (add what you need):
   ```
   TRAKT_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
   TRAKT_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret
   BASE_URL=https://your-domain.com
   PORT=7000
   ```
   Note: MDBList API key is entered during configuration, not in .env

4. **Start the Server**:
   ```bash
   npm start
   # or for development
   npm run dev
   ```

## Usage

1. **Configure the Add-on**:
   - Visit `https://your-domain.com/configure` (use your ngrok or hosted URL)
   - **Connect to Trakt** (optional): Click "Connect to Trakt" and authorize
   - **Connect to MDBList** (optional): Enter your MDBList API key
   - Select which lists you want to use from both services
   - Generate and copy the add-on URL

2. **Install in Stremio**:
   - Open Stremio
   - Go to Add-ons section
   - Paste your configured add-on URL
   - Install the add-on

3. **Add Content to Lists**:
   - Browse movies/shows in Stremio
   - Look for "Add to [Trakt] [List Name]" or "Add to [MDBList] [List Name]" stream options
   - Click to add content to your selected lists

## How It Works

- The add-on creates stream links that trigger API calls to Trakt and/or MDBList
- User authentication and list preferences are encoded in the add-on URL
- No server-side data storage - everything is stateless
- Each "stream" represents an action to add content to a specific list
- Lists are clearly labeled with their service ([Trakt] or [MDBList])

## Development

- `npm start` - Start production server
- `npm run dev` - Start development server with auto-reload

## Project Structure

```
├── server.js                    # Main entry point
├── services/
│   ├── traktService.js         # Trakt API integration
│   ├── mdblistService.js       # MDBList API integration
│   └── viewService.js          # HTML template handling
├── routes/
│   ├── manifestRoutes.js       # Stremio manifest endpoints
│   ├── authRoutes.js           # OAuth & configuration
│   ├── apiRoutes.js            # List fetching endpoints
│   └── streamRoutes.js         # Stream generation & add actions
├── utils/
│   └── config.js               # Config encoding/decoding
└── views/
    ├── configure.html          # Configuration UI
    ├── success.html            # Success page
    └── error.html              # Error page
```

## API Endpoints

- `GET /manifest.json` - Stremio add-on manifest
- `GET /configure` - Configuration interface
- `GET /auth/trakt` - Initiate Trakt OAuth
- `GET /api/user/lists` - Fetch user's Trakt lists
- `GET /api/user/mdblist-lists` - Fetch user's MDBList lists
- `GET /:config/stream/:type/:id.json` - Generate streams for content
- `GET /:config/add/:type/:id/:listSlug` - Add content to list
